NETFLIX PRESENTS
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
[man] Just walk around
as though the camera wasn't here.
I'm freezing. I'm going in the car.
[man] Yeah. well. whatever. Carla.
You won't be in my movie.
Sandra. how do you adjust the focus?
There's a function
for automatic focus. Just use that.
[wind blowing]
[man] We could lose
the light at any moment.
-You want me to stand up?
-[man] No. no. just…
-To the left.
-Yeah?
-Do you need more light?
-[thunder rumbling]
[man] Let me see. Yes. yes. a little--
[thunder crashes]
[intense music playing]
[bird calling]
[wind whistling]
[mystical music playing]
[thunder rumbling]
[lightning cracking]
[accentuating carefully]
Very moderate winds
coming from the west
are expected throughout the day.
Um-mum!
-[cell phone chimes]
-[vocalizing]
MONDAY. APRIL 12
CARLA. VOICE MESSAGE
["Felicità" by Al Bano playing]
Very moderate winds
coming from the west
are expected throughout the day.
Mumm!
[vocalizing]
[Carla on phone]
Dad. I'm trying again.
I sent you a message 40 minutes ago.
You haven't read it yet
and I can see
you've been online for 15 minutes.
I'm fine. but this is important.
I'll summarize it for you
so I don't waste your precious time.
I need you to come over here. Dad.
Come to here to Córdoba
for maybe a day. Just one day.
We have to work out
the details of the house succession.
Call me. please.
["Felicità" continues]
[cell phone vibrates]
[man] Maxi.
[Maxi] Looks like
you'll be getting a surprise.
[man] What surprise?
-[Maxi] I don't know.
-[man] What do you mean you don't know?
[Maxi] I heard Gustavo talking to Muldín.
but when they saw me
they changed the subject.
Well. look into it. Maxi.
I don't want any surprises
just before our big debut.
[Maxi] Don't worry.
Your car will be there in five.
All right.
Morning. Osvaldito.
It's going to be a beautiful day.
Rise and shine. sweetie.
["Felicità" continues]
Osvaldo.
Osvaldito.
Where's my baby?
Where are you?
Come on now. I've got to go to work.
It's a very important day for your papa.
Where are you hiding?
Osvaldo.
[knocking]
Come on. don't scare me. Osvaldo.
Where are you?
Osvaldito.
Oh! Oh. son of a gun.
You frightened me out of my wits.
Where were you?
You're a weird one. Osvaldo. So weird.
I don't want to go to work all worried.
What is wrong?
Come on now. I gotta go.
I'm gonna be late. Give me a kiss-kiss.
No kiss for me?
I know. it's hard for you. I get it.
[sighs]
Miguel Flores.
-Hello.
-In person.
How are you?
Isn't that great?
Hey. I gotta take a selfie.
Yeah. sure. of course.
-All right? Come on?
-Why not?
-Closer.
-Of course.
-Can you take off your glasses?
-Ah. Yes.
-[horn honks]
-Miguel. how ya doin'?
Hello. Hi.
[camera clicks]
-There.
-Thank you so much.
Isn't that great.
-The whole family will be watching.
-Sky Reader!
Hey. Miguelito. Miguelito.
Hi. I have 40 pounds of laundry
I need to hang to dry tonight.
Tell me it's not gonna rain.
No. don't worry. Elvira.
Tonight will be clear.
Around 68. 72 degrees.
-Oh. that's good. I'll be watching.
-[Miguel laughs]
-9:45. huh?
-Yeah.
They've run so many commercials.
This is very exciting.
It's the biggest weather news program
in Argentina. It's huge.
Ah. you'll be great.
You'll be wonderful!
I don't know. The competition is serious.
No. you'll get the ratings.
You'll get the numbers.
-Come on! You'll see. You'll do great.
-You bet. Elvira.
-Thank you for this.
-[Elvirita] You'll see.
Hi. uh. Maxi. I'm out front.
and I don't see the car yet.
You find out about the surprise?
[dog barking]
[man] Miguel. sorry to bother you.
Oh. Alfonso. Hello. Kiko!
I love you. Miguel!
-Hi. sweetheart.
-[woman] Bye!
-I'd like to ask you something.
-Sure.
My wife decided to disinfect
the living room and the kitchen.
And she thinks Kiko
should sleep outside tonight.
That worries me quite a bit.
But she's right.
because Gamexane is potent stuff.
Oh. yes.
If he were to get poisoned.
it would kill us.
Kiko is the son we never had.
Relax. Don't worry. Alfonso.
Nope. Tonight we'll have clear skies.
Temperatures between
68 and 72 degrees.
-Thank you so much. So good to hear.
-[laughs]
Hear that. Kiko?
You're sleeping outside tonight.
Really sorry for the interruption.
-No. not at all.
-I wish you a very good day.
Good day to you as well.
Take care. Give my regards to your wife.
See you.
Well. look who it is!
[chuckles]
-You're on the TV.
-[Miguel] Yes.
-The weatherman.
-That's right.
-You recognize him?
-No.
No. kids these days don't know anything.
They're always with their phones.
taking photos. mm. with their tongues out.
[Miguel and woman laugh]
-They're always flirting.
-Grandma!
-What?
-I'm sorry. She's a total gossip.
No. it's all right. Really.
Best of luck tonight with your program.
-Thank you.
-Give me a shout out. huh?
-Of course.
-My name's Mabel.
[Miguel] To Mabel.
-To Mabel.
-To Mabel!
-Bye.
-Miguel?
[cell phone ringing]
[Miguel] Oh. yes. Maxi.
[Maxi] They said
the car's been there for ten minutes.
-[Miguel] They lied. It just got here.
-Tonight. 9:45. right?
-Yes.
-Good luck!
Thanks a lot! Bye now.
MAKE YOUR CITY AN OASIS THIS SUMMER
INFALLIBLE
[upbeat music playing]
Right here. starting Monday. you can watch
The Great Weather Show in prime time.
And here we have the host with us today.
the infallible Miguel Flores.
[laughs] Well. the only one
who's infallible is God.
Although it's true
that after 20 years on the job.
I've never missed a forecast.
Is it fair to say you're
the god of weather predictions?
You're the one who said it.
[both laugh]
THE GREAT WEATHER SHOW
Is that you on the poster?
-Which poster?
-That one. there.
Uh. The Great Weather Show.
[Miguel] Yes. that's me.
-Huh. You're famous.
-Oh. well…
When was that photo taken?
What do you mean?
It was taken a month ago.
Why?
-Nothing… No…
-Huh.
And. and. uh. what's the show about?
Well… the weather.
You ever watch the news on Channel 10?
I used to have a segment
during the news hour.
Yeah. no. me. I don't watch TV.
I watch stuff on the computer.
My father watches TV at night.
And my grandma.
-My grandma watches.
-Your grandma?
-Yeah. she does. She watches TV.
-Your grandma.
Good. Mind turning down the music?
It's a bit loud.
-Sorry. Is that better?
-Yeah.
Okay. well…
Right. And what do you do on the show?
Well. I give the weather report.
And…
If I may ask.
you earn a good living doing that or…
-Well. almost as good as a limo driver.
-[laughs]
All right. let's switch.
Yeah. right.
Do you have to take a course to do that?
Because this is
something that interests me.
-A course? No. you go to college.
-Ah.
Yes. atmospheric sciences.
It's a seven year major.
Wow. no way.
That's why I have the app on my phone.
it tells me
whether or not it will rain. so…
-How often is it accurate?
-Not too often.
Not often. right? How could they be?
Those apps are designed
to filter the data from weather stations
and put out some kind of colored graph.
then according to a mathematical equation
they calculate the probabilities--
-[brakes screech]
-What the hell? You blind? You stupid ass!
-[horns honking]
-[driver] Unreal.
The world is full of them.
-Hey. there's a game on Saturday.
-Mm. It's going to rain.
How do you know?
Do you watch Miguel Flores?
If you want to know if it's gonna rain.
you have to watch Miguel Flores.
Those weathermen are a bunch of phonies.
They look at their phone.
tell you what the app says.
Some do but Miguel doesn't.
Miguel studies.
prepares. and he's never wrong.
Are you on his payroll?
No. I'm just saying he's never wrong.
He's the best.
The guy's remarkable.
He never makes a mistake.
-How would you know that?
-[man] Yeah. well…
I'd say you got the hots
for Mr. Infallible. [growls]
[men laughing]
What's so funny?
What are you laughing at?
Again with the same lame joke.
Come on. you guys.
-Hey. where you going?
-Seriously. I'm fed up.
-Every single day. I've had it.
-Don't go.
Jorge. he's taking care of my bill.
I've had it up to here.
That oughta shut him up.
Leave me the fuck alone. ya dickhead!
[Miguel] Great. thank you.
[driver] See you.
Miguelito. tonight's the big night.
-[buzzes]
-A turning point. Domingo.
[Domingo] Good luck!
-How's everything? Ready?
-I'm ready.
[director]
Extras to Studio 4. please. Let's go.
-Carmencita.
-Hi. Miguel. Nervous?
-Not nervous. I'm keen.
-Ready to go!
[sighs] Miguel. finally!
[chuckles] Hi. Is this the suit?
If you don't like just say so.
I'll run out right now.
get you something brand new.
You tried it on Thursday.
I didn't say I didn't like it?
I'm just asking.
-No. it's nice.
-Ah. Oh. okay.
And the neon cloud up on the door.
was it you who put it there?
Say you don't like it
and I'll shoot myself.
For God's sake. Maxi.
stop killing yourself over everything. Aw.
"Miguel. wishing you success."
how sweet.
Did you see all these?
-Just lovely.
-[Miguel] Lovely.
Did you get the Weather Service report?
-You didn't get it?
-[Miguel] No.
-I sent it to you. Check your phone.
-Hmm?
-Miguel!
-Hey.
-Today's the day!
-I'm ready to go. Let's do this!
-How are you?
-Great. Very excited.
Wonderful. You look great.
You radiate an aura.
There's a sparkle in your eyes.
You look splendid!
-He is splendid.
-So great!
What do you think of Mery Oliva?
-Uh. who?
-What do you mean. "who"?
The weathergirl from Channel 23.
-I don't know her.
-Your assistantt.
-Huh?
-She'll be your new on-air assistant.
[chuckles] There's a surprise.
Gustavo. I don't need an assistant.
We all need an assistant.
Are you kidding? Come with me.
-No. no. no. listen. I need to get ready.
-Yes.
-Come with me.
-[Miguel] I need to concentrate.
[Gustavo] You'll love her. Come on.
You have to trust me.
She's young and fresh. A ray of sunshine.
Why spring this on me at the last minute?
You have to attract younger viewers.
You'll get funny tweets and read them.
-Gustavo.
-Hi.
Oh. come on. You can't do this to me now.
For crying out loud.
you're being difficult.
I'm being difficult?
Yes. you're difficult. This could
boost our ratings by a couple of points.
I swear. nothing makes you happy.
-How many Instagram followers do you have?
-Huh?
How many followers do you have?
-300.000.
-Two million.
So what? Who cares?
She has over two million followers.
It's ridiculous.
She could have ten million.
That's irrelevant.
It's everything.
-[man] Today's the day. Miguel.
-Hi. David.
How's everything going?
Yeah. but you should've
given me a bit of a warning.
I'm the face of the show.
-I know you're the face of the show.
-So?
You've got to trust me.
I can't do it alone.
-I need your trust!
-No.
-Don't brush me off. I need you to listen.
-[salsa music playing]
You know we've been
in pre-production for two months now.
When you wanted the salsa band.
what was my answer?
I wanted a big band. like Glenn Miller.
-Like Glenn Miller. look…
-Come on.
No dancing. I don't want to dance.
Miguel. look at this. Huh?
-Hi there.
-You wanted a globe. there it is.
-And meet your amazing band.
-Great.
-You guys are amazing.
-Wonderful.
I told you she was a peach.
She's a gem. isn't she?
It's like we did on Channel 23. but pow!
A much bigger production.
Oh. Gus really wants this
to be an event. [laughs]
Ah. so… Huh.
Now I see why you like it so much.
[Gustavo] Hi there. beautiful.
I'd like you to meet Miguel.
Oh! Hi!
-Oh. My mother adores you.
-Wow.
-We're done. right?
-Yes.
It's important the focus be the weather.
Yes. Mery just made the same comment.
Honestly. I don't know
what they did on Channel 23.
but what's important
is that what you're going to see
has never been seen on Argentinian TV
as far as weather shows go.
I'd like you to make a note.
-Yes. of course. Got it.
-All right.
-He didn't do it.
-[Gustavo] Yes. he'll write it down.
You told him twice. He'll do it.
Mery will handle Twitter and Instagram.
And also Facebook.
Facebook doesn't matter as much.
For Miguel's fans. it still does.
[chuckles] Right.
And is your dog working with us?
No. she failed her screen test.
-[laughs] So cute.
-[man] Excuse me. Miguel.
If I could have you
stand in front of the screen. please.
All right. where do you want me?
-Look at this!
-Perfect. This is great.
-Doesn't it look great?
-Yes. really good.
-Isn't this a dream?
-It's very nice.
-You know we did it for you?
-Yes.
-I want you to understand. for you.
-Yes. it's very nice.
This is going to be a success.
All the executives are excited.
I'm excited. I can't speak for the rest.
I imagine everyone's excited. I'm sure.
I'm very happy you're excited.
But don't forget.
the show must be entertaining.
The show is a means to make people
forget about their problems.
using weather as an excuse.
No. don't give me that. The weather
is the theme here. not an excuse.
I get it. but tell me.
who else has a screen like these?
A giant hanging globe.
a full band. a Mery to read the tweets.
a unique host. like you?
Tell me. Because truly.
what we provide here
is the same information
as any other weather program.
No. you're wrong.
I work on my forecasts. they're accurate.
The apps make mistakes.
people believe me.
Do you know who's show you're producing?
Yes. I know who I'm producing.
You're number one.
-But why…?
-I'm doing my utmost to make you happy.
-I'm just…
-Tell me you're happy.
You're getting me all worked up.
Anything not from Córdoba?
Córdoba. Jujuy. same difference!
-Córdoba. Jujuy are the same now?
-I get what you're saying.
No. Córdoba's not the same!
-Please calm down.
-I was so relaxed. warming up my voice.
You're messing with me now.
-Can you calm down?
-No. I can't calm down.
I'm doing everything I can
to make you happy.
The girl and the dog
are getting a trial run. okay?
Very moderate winds coming from
the west are expected throughout the day.
-All done. Break a leg.
-Thank you very much.
[howls]
You're a wolf now?
Careful. it's very hot.
[continues howling]
-Ow! God. it's boiling hot!
-What happened?
-I burned myself.
-I told you it was very hot!
-Now what?
-Look at this blister. It's huge.
-We're ready to go.
-They're ready to go.
Yes. I heard. "we're ready." But look!
-Is it puffy?
-Huh?
Of course not.
Goodness. Miguel. you're totally fine.
Right over there.
A cable car went down in Salta.
The newscast
is gonna leave us great numbers!
-Oh. no.
-How are you feeling?
I'm fine.
-You're sure?
-Yes.
-Miguel. you good?
-Yes. Okay? You're good?
Yes. I'm great.
Yes! Miguel. go for it!
-Give it your best.
-Go. go. go!
[director] Get ready for on the air!
[announcer]
Live from Buenos Aires. Argentina.
comes the very first
nationwide weather program.
And now please welcome
the master of weather.
the man who brings gods to their knees…
Did Miguel write the intro?
Yes. it's inspired by
Apollo Creed's entrance in Rocky IV.
[playing cumbia music]
[announcer] The one and only…
-Miguel Flores!
-Whoo!
[singing in Spanish]
♪ Here comes Miguel ♪
♪ Miguel knows. Miguel gets it right ♪
♪ If he says so. wear a jacket ♪
-♪ If Miguel says rain is coming ♪
-Whoo!
♪ Don't be stubborn
Bring an umbrella ♪
♪ Here comes Miguel ♪
WITH MERY OLIVA
♪ Miguel is here ♪
♪ Here comes Miguel ♪
[song stops]
-Hey!
-[crowd applauds]
A warm welcome to The Great Weather Show.
[on TV] The first nationwide
weather program in Argentina.
It's wonderful.
How is it that no one thought
of having an entire show
dedicated to the weather until now?
-God. I'm stuck watching this.
-Grandpa. what's wrong now?
For God's sake. wasn't talking to you.
So shut up.
Dad will kill me if I change it.
[Miguel] People always ask me.
"Miguel. why do a weather show
when we can just look it up on our phone?"
[Miguel laughs]
Here we're going to show that these apps
have been telling us lies all along.
[woman yelps]
Son of a bitch!
Oh! Luis!
Yeah. What is it?
[Miguel] What's next?
Look at me!
A religion where God is
a 1.500 GB smartphone?
Well. you know.
it might not be a bad idea
to renew your faith
by plugging in the charger.
[laughs]
[Luis] I adjusted this the other day.
-Adjusting it isn't going to fix it.
-Fuck this.
You have to change
the pipes. the faucet. everything.
Marisa. you deal with the chicken.
I'll go wash the tomatoes in the bathroom.
So that's your solution?
Oh. you just… Ugh!
How much does the stuff
you're always spraying on your tires cost?
Not much.
[Marisa] Give me an idea.
I told you it's not expensive.
Just get off my back. okay?
Tonight is the premiere
of Miguel Flores' new TV show.
I'd like to at least listen to it.
Is that too much to ask?
Is it more important
than the kitchen sink?
-What are you talking about?
-The stuff for your tires. Luis.
Yes. It's much more important.
It's essential to my job.
All done.
Indeed.
How are the ratings?
Very good. Peak is at 17 points.
Channel 12 gets 11.
[laughs] Bravo. Miguel!
Didn't I say he was a genius?
Bravo. Miguel!
Yes!
For those in Buenos Aires.
I've got great news.
Tonight and tomorrow morning.
skies will be totally clear.
with a high of 22 degrees.
I. Miguel Flores. the infallible.
guarantee it.
This chicken is impossible to cut.
Twenty percent chance of a storm
at 2:00 a.m.. it says.
Nah. those apps are always wrong.
Yesterday they said it would rain all day.
Not a drop.
Your father believes the clown on TV
more than science.
Who's the clown? The man is no clown.
Miguel Flores studied this for six years.
He always says so.
Ah! I can't eat this piece of shit.
Anyway. all I'm saying is
I think you should park the taxi
in the garage for tonight. just in case.
Clear skies tonight. Didn't you hear?
Want me to turn it up?
Whatever. You're going to do
what you bloody well plan
and that's why we're in this mess.
-What do you mean?
-This shit we're in.
Washing tomatoes in the bathroom.
-[laughing] She said. "shit."
-[Marisa] Yeah.
[laughing]
I spent nine hours in my taxi today.
Nine long hours.
And the first fare I got
was a ride to the strip mall.
The street was closed for a demonstration.
What did I have for lunch?
A measly cheese sandwich
while the lights were red.
I made less than 1.500 pesos.
and you want me to spend half of it
to park in a lot that's 15 streets away.
[growls]
Dad. why the hell
do you keep growling like that?
You're like a mad dog!
Mad dog! [growls. barks]
All right. done. Give me that.
Let's see what the dog eats now.
[laughs]
-Did you see the other one?
-Oh God. yes.
-[laughing]
-You love to win. Love to win always.
-And you don't?
-No.
-I know you do!
-No…
[woman] And tonight you won.
You won the big prize. Mr. Infallible.
-Phenomenal.
-[Miguel laughs]
Magnificent.
-Let's go to the bedroom.
-I've gotta say hi to Osvaldo.
-Osvaldito. Okay.
-Just a second.
-I'll be waiting in your room.
-Quick hello to Osvaldito.
Hey.
Hey. Osvaldito.
Osvaldo. where are you?
Oh…
Everything went well. Osvaldito.
I did well.
19 points! Great ratings. Yes.
I'm very. very happy.
[smooches] See you tomorrow morning.
Sleep tight. my boy.
[sighs]
[thunder rumbling]
[thunder cracks]
[snoring]
[thunder rumbles]
What's wrong. Luis?
-No. wait. wait. wait.
-Come on.
[thunder rumbling]
[suspenseful music playing]
[hail rattling]
[car alarm blaring]
No! No!
No!
[grunting]
[yelling]
Luis! What on Earth are you doing?
Didn't I tell you
to put the car in the garage?
Don't say. "I told you so."
It's too late now!
Come in. We're going to get killed.
-He said "For sure."
-[glass shattering]
[sobs]
"Clear skies tonight." he said.
That's because he's an idiot!
A stupid idiot!
Come on. Luis!
There's nothing we can do.
[hail pounding]
[uplifting music playing]
Morning.
Time to wake up.
-Oh.
-[chuckles]
Oh.
Morning. What time is it?
It's 9:30.
What?
[woman] 9:30.
Oh. but didn't I ask you
to wake me up at 8:30?
Yes. you did. but you were sleeping
so peacefully. I didn't want to wake you.
Well. thank you.
-How are you?
-I'm good.
-[woman] I gotta go.
-Thank you very much.
[sighs]
[dramatic musical sting]
[uplifting music resumes]
Did you water the plants?
[woman] What?
Did you water the plants by the window?
[woman] No.
I'm running so late
I don't know what to do.
And I barely slept. When that storm hit
I couldn't get back to sleep.
[dramatic musical sting]
A storm? What?
At 3:00 a.m. It was absolutely huge.
Should we get together tonight?
Huh?
You want us
to see each other again tonight?
Yeah. See you.
[on TV] …testifying before the court.
She's starting a legal battle
against her father. Jamie Spears.
But unfortunately.
this is the top news of the day.
it took only five minutes
to cause absolute chaos.
A torrential rainstorm
and hailstones.
some the size of golf balls.
and winds gusting
at more than 40 miles per hour
has caused extensive damage
all over the city of Buenos Aires
and surrounding areas.
That's impossible.
[loud buzzing]
[car alarm blaring]
[chainsaw buzzing]
[sirens wailing]
[woman] Could Buenos Aires
become a tropical city. Antonio?
[Antonio] It looks like it.
Look at these images taken…
MAXI. VOICE MESSAGE.
72 UNREAD MESSAGES. 47 MISSED CALLS
[tense music playing]
Flores! Go fuck yourself!
Oh!
Look. there he is!
Expose that idiot! Take a photo of him.
-No. no. Please. Don't…
-Take a photo!
I'm asking you…
[sobbing]
Oh…
PET CREMATION
BELOVED PAW PRINTS
[man] Hey! Flores!
You're going to pay for this. right?
-No. so sorry.
-What a buffoon.
Oh. Miguelito.
you're really in for it now.
-Elvira.
-You can never show your face again.
It's okay. Elvira.
Look what you did to my car. asshole!
Oh. my God. Where's my car.
There's your ride.
Get in quick before they lynch you.
Go on!
Bye Elvira.
Dog killer!
[sighs]
[news announcer] We're seeing
terrible backlash against Miguel Flores
on social media. Twitter is exploding.
Here are some of
the tweets worth mentioning.
Luis Craus says. "Instead
of praising those media clowns.
why don't they give a voice
to real unsung heroes
that work for the
National Weather Service?"
You have to ask. "Whose fault is it?"
Should we blame the person
making the wrong weather prediction
or the rest of us who simply
believe them because they are on TV?
The roads are all blocked up ahead.
The storm knocked over
the traffic lights. Gonna have to detour.
This is what
people are saying. "This is too much.
TV execs are willing to sacrifice
the city just to get better ratings."
Tito Delafe says. "I think
Miguel Flores has lost it."
I just passed through Guarnes
and five streets are flooded.
At this rate. this ride's gonna
earn me more than Cristiano Ronaldo.
[Marcelo] The fall
will be that much harder.
Today I love you. tomorrow I hate you.
Come on. guys. making a wrong forecast
is not the end of the world. Tone it down.
Miguel Flores. Divine or despicable?
Are we witnessing the end of an era?
Will this take long?
No. no. no.
Here take this.
It's an anti-stress ball.
It works great. Just squeeze it.
Here we are.
-Logan 2020…
-2020. yes.
- …license plate BA477
- CB.
Yes. of course.
Your policy doesn't cover
damages caused by hail.
No. yes. I'm covered.
Look at the policy. you'll see.
Yes. sure. but…
"Total coverage" is just the title.
What do you mean a title?
Did you read the fine print? The details?
No. I didn't. I trusted you guys.
I asked for total coverage.
thinking that "total"
actually meant total.
Sure. Yeah.
"Total" in your policy means everything
except for hail.
but if you want. we can upgrade.
I can tell you how much it is.
Listen up. kid.
I earn a living with this car.
Right.
Here.
No. please. It's a company freebie.
Keep it.
No. Keep it.
[chainsaw buzzing]
[tense music playing]
Morning. Domingo.
[buzzes]
[Gustavo] Miguelito.
-I left the documents on your desk.
-Perfect.
-[Gustavo] Sit down.
-Okay.
[exhales]
How about Itaparica?
-What?
-Itaparica. Brazil.
-Oh. I've never gone there.
-It's a great place. Below Bahia.
Eighty degrees always.
Lots of zumba. capoeira. you know…
♪ Taca. taca. taca ♪
-The people are crazy. party all the time.
-[chuckles]
No. I find all that
Brazilian cheerfulness a bit annoying.
Yes. but I think the channel
can get you there at half-price.
Ah. so I'm getting a vacation?
No. You're leaving.
You screwed up big. Miguel.
Look. you know me well.
Gustavo. you know who I am. how I work.
I analyzed the data thoroughly
in great detail.
I don't know what happened.
But you guaranteed it.
I quote. "I guarantee it."
Yes. that's true.
but it's just a catchphrase.
-It's the kind of thing audiences like.
-No. audiences want to be entertained.
They want to get their minds
off their petty. everyday problems.
Remember what I told you?
The point of the show is to entertain.
It was simple. Miguel.
Okay. I was wrong. Never been wrong.
I had to be at some point.
Gustavo. come on.
Have you never been wrong?
How many crappy shows
have you produced that came to nothing?
You're the infallible.
Aren't you? Rocky IV.
[scoffs]
True or not?
The infallible can't be wrong.
Do you have any idea
how much destruction this storm caused?
Do you know how many
of your faithful followers
lost their roofs. cars. houses.
windows. and God knows what else?
I know. it was bad.
but they'll understand.
Climate change is complicating everything.
People know that.
No. People don't know a goddamn thing.
No. sorry. People do know.
People know they now have
to spend money they don't have
to fix things they wouldn't
have had to fix
had you not been totally wrong.
What are you saying?
The storm is my fault? Whoa!
Where you going with this?
-This the Spanish Inquisition? A joke?
-No. Relax.
Don't get all worked up. Go to Itaparica.
Take a break. go to Brazil.
you need a vacation.
Are you firing me?
No. I just told you.
I'm giving you a little time off.
Then we'll see.
You know people forget everything.
Soon. they'll have someone else to hate.
Hang on. Gustavo.
-You can't cancel the show.
-No.
It's only had one episode.
Absolutely.
We are on the same page there. No. no.
-The show must go on.
-Ah! Well…
No. the show goes on. but without you.
Ah…
Let me get this straight.
This is total insanity.
So one single inaccurate forecast
and I lose my entire career? Is that it?
So one single inaccurate forecast?
-Have you seen the socials?
-What about it?
You know how people are on the socials.
It's absolute madness.
Wait. you're talking about our clients.
the ones who decide our future.
-They don't decide. You do.
-Okay. okay. whatever you want.
Fine. They decide for me.
This is a basic tenant of democracy.
The people vote.
and I respect their choice.
These are the rules of the game.
You've been around long enough.
you should know that by now.
Oof.
Oof? Really. "Oof"?
That's all you've got to say?
[chuckles]
So. yes. well.
of course. it's perfect. Just perfect.
You decide whether I stay or go.
No. I don't mean you. I mean them.
They decide for you.
Sorry for sounding stupid.
just that lately…
I've been having trouble
understanding how all this works.
[slams]
I'm going to the studio as fast as I can.
But I don't have a helicopter. okay?
Carmencita.
Hello. Carmen here?
[laughs]
[director] Silence. we're recording.
[melancholy music playing]
[computer beeps]
[computer buzzes]
You knew. didn't you?
That's why you were acting weird. Hmm?
Yeah.
You knew it.
You knew.
[band playing theme music]
♪ Whether it's hot or cold ♪
♪ You always have the best… ♪
[announcer] And now.
please welcome our host.
Mery Oliva!
[crowd cheering]
This is unbelievable. It's…
Sweetie. open your mouth.
No. don't… What is that?
This will make you feel better.
There you go.
Thank you.
♪ If it rains. no need to worry ♪
♪ She'll cheer you up in a hurry ♪
♪ Mery's here ♪
♪ And so is Simón ♪
-Whoo!
-♪ And so is Simón ♪
[song stops]
Look at her. Susana.
[Mery] Good evening!
Welcome to The Great Weather Show.
I'm so pleased you're able to join us.
First off. before we begin.
Simón and I would like
to send a big cuddle
to our dear friend Miguel Flores.
who's going through
so difficult health issues.
We hope he gets well soon.
Miguel.
be strong.
[kisses] This is just for you.
-[chuckles]
-Well. that's nice.
What's nice about that?
I've never felt better. This is bullshit.
Relax. please. You'll make yourself sick.
Sick?
This national operation is making me sick.
I can't believe it. What happened?
Please. explain it to me.
Only yesterday I was everybody's hero.
You both know what I'm talking about.
Yes.
And now everything is my fault.
Everything that happens.
I'm a piece of shit.
A meme! A fucking meme. Oh my.
Give bad weather a big happy face!
No…
[muttering]
What do you want?
-The telephone!
-Calm down.
-No! No. that's it!
-Relax. it's right here.
No. no. no. a little bit is fine.
They can play around
but this is too much.
I'll give them a piece of my mind.
[line ringing]
- [woman] Hello?
-Hi. Put Gustavo on. please.
-Who's this?
-You know who this is. Don't play with me.
-Put Gustavo on.
-Gustavo's in the studio.
No. He's not in the studio.
He's next to you. Don't lie to me.
He just left.
I just… [grunts]
Just to be clear.
this show on the air
is mine. and you know it.
I created this program.
-[hangs up]
-Hello?
-She hung up! Son of a bitch! Ah!
-Relax.
-Stop.
-She hung up!
-Miguel! No.
Calm down. please!
You're going to have a heart attack.
-Heart attack-- Oh!
-Ah.
-What's that?
-Calm down.
-It's a stuffed toy.
-[Miguel] What…?
Who threw that fucking thing?
Who did that?
-What is going on?
-Wait Miguel. Take it easy.
[Miguel] Don't touch it.
It might be a bomb.
[sniffs]
It's not blood. It's ketchup.
Ketchup? Who threw that?
-Who was it?
-Honey. wait.
Who threw that? And why?
Who is there?
Huh?
What's that?
[dramatic musical sting]
[gasps]
-Come on. Miguel.
-Yeah.
-But why?
-Come inside.
But…
-Uh… What's going on?
-Come on. Miguel.
F YOU. FLORES
RETIRE. DEAD MAN
[chanting] Flores. you bastard.
you're nothing but a liar!
CANCELED
Flores. you bastard!
Come down!
You're nothing but a liar!
-Show your face. Flores!
-[chanting] Flores. you bastard…
-[Maxi] I'm here. Miguel.
-Okay.
-Are you ready?
-Did you park in the garage?
The lady wouldn't let me.
I had to throw mangoes at her.
-You shitting me?
-You told her it was okay to hang clothes.
I can't believe that. What a mean woman.
After everything I did for her.
Videos for her and her family.
-Autographs…
-Enough!
We know how some people can be.
-Hurry up. we haven't got much time.
-Yes.
Do you need anything?
No. it's okay. Oh. get Osvaldito. please.
Put him in a bag of water.
You're taking Osvaldito with you?
What did you say? Osvaldo? What…?
Osvaldo goes where I go.
-Okay.
-Oh!
[all chanting] Flores. you bastard!
You're nothing but a liar!
[pots clanging]
Flores. you bastard!
You're nothing but a liar!
[Maxi] We made it. Miguel! We made it.
[action music playing]
[Maxi] Are you all right. Miguel?
Maxi. what kind of question is that?
We're almost at the airport.
Be careful. you idiot.
I'm sorry.
We're almost there. Osvaldo. Almost.
[music continues]
Ah! You're so pale!
What did you expect?
I was suffocating. [inhales]
Hold Osvaldito for a second.
-Just hold him.
-Okay. okay.
-How are things here?
-Fine.
-Eh?
-It's fine.
All right. listen.
-Listen carefully.
-Okay.
Call Gerónimo Martens.
Tell him to do the check-in for me
and put me in with the VIPs.
-Yes. But did you notify Martens?
-I called him.
I tried to reach him by phone.
he didn't answer.
He must be busy.
-But hurry up. we gotta go.
-[Maxi] Okay.
-Come on.
-Yeah. it's him.
[cumbia music playing on radio]
Good morning. [chuckles]
Jorge. give me a coffee.
With a lid. It's to go.
-[Jorge] Got it.
-And three recipes. as many as you want.
Jorge sells ice cream. you know that?
Might want to get a slushie.
[laughs] Don't get angry. man.
It's just a joke.
What's wrong?
The infallible fail you?
You know why that happened?
You should have
paid attention to your phone.
-Hey. Aldo.
-What?
-Why didn't you pay attention?
-To what?
-Your smartphone.
-Why?
Your car got messed up too.
My car's perfect.
Perfect?
I'll show you perfect! How about this!
What are you doing. you son of a bitch?
-I'll kill you! Stop that right now!
-Take that! And that!
-[Miguel] Why am I in line?
-Because Martens isn't here.
-Why isn't he?
-Because he isn't.
How about this? Get on the line
for crew members and diplomats.
shouldn't have problems there.
-[Miguel] Why problems?
-Because you're Miguel Flores.
-For Pete's sake.
-Okay.
-Call as soon as you arrive in Córdoba.
-Be careful. I'll miss you.
-[Miguel] There. there.
I'm next. Maxi.
Bye.
-Yes. Go on.
-[Miguel] Thanks.
Scarf. glasses. hat. and watch. please.
[Miguel] I don't have any metal.
-Your watch has metal.
-[Miguel] Of course.
[speaking indistinctly]
Everything.
Uh. I have pharyngitis.
Go ahead. Flores.
[Miguel] Thank you.
It's almost over. Osvaldito.
We're almost there. won't be long.
[smooches]
Very soon.
[tense music playing]
You broke two of my windows.
30.000 pesos apiece.
Here's my contact info.
[sighs]
What an idiot.
[on PA] Ladies and gentlemen.
welcome to the city of Córdoba.
Are you free?
-Flores. how you doing? Get in.
-Okay.
[whimsical music playing]
Hey. asshole. you're back in town?
[chuckles]
You're in deep shit. let me tell you.
[cyclist laughs]
[kisses]
[buzzes]
Dad?
-What are you doing here?
-You asked me to come.
I did?
Yes. about the estate.
But you never answered my messages.
Well. I'm here now.
[Carla laughs]
I heard about what happened. Dad.
It's everywhere.
Yeah. it's complete lunacy.
Okay. I don't want to feel like an idiot.
Did you come here to hide?
No. no. what makes you say that?
Of course not.
What is that?
Osvaldito. I never told you about him?
Osvaldito? No. you never said a word.
[sighs] I'm running late.
I have to go to the hospital.
Go to the hotel. and I'll call you.
-But. but. but…
-Ah. forgot the X-rays!
Ah. there they are. Got 'em.
Why are you still here?
Go find a hotel. I'll call you later on.
I can't stay in a hotel
with everything that's going on. Carla.
Ah… [laughs]
And you say you're not here to hide.
Almost fooled me.
-I'm here to see you. too.
-[Carla] Ah.
-[Miguel] Yeah.
-Mm. Right.
I thought I could stay in your room.
from when you were a kid.
-I'm using it for storage.
-But there's still a bed in there?
Yes. buried under stuff.
Don't worry. I'll deal with it.
Go to work. it's okay.
-[groans]
-[Miguel chuckles]
Ah! There's a spare set of keys
on top the fridge.
Thanks. honey. Have a good day.
-Everything will be fine.
-[Carla] Yeah. You too.
[emotional music playing]
NATIONAL UNIVERSITY OF CÓRDOBA
THANKS. CARLA
THANK YOU FOR TAKING CARE OF ME
YOU'RE GREAT
[Miguel] We could lose
the light at any moment.
-[Sandra] Want me to stand up?
-[Miguel] No. no. just…
-[Miguel] To the left.
- [Sandra] Yeah?
Do you need more light?
-[Miguel] A little further back.
-[loud crack]
[thunder rumbling]
[whimsical music playing]
Andy. it's today's big news.
-[Andy] It's trending. María.
-[María] Totally.
Mery Oliva and production
keep saying Miguel's unwell.
I don't want to be mean.
I like Miguel. but the truth is.
I used to watch his forecasts every day.
-Did you just use the past tense?
-Yes. Want to see my car?
I hate to say this.
it seems like Miguel
just sneaked away after the storm.
and this photo
taken at the airport confirms it.
-What's in his hand?
-A goldfish. María.
The only friend he has left. a fish.
Son of a bitch.
[Maria] Andy. this is
the biggest news of the day.
[announcers continue indistinctly]
[Carla] Dad.
[clicks off show]
Yes?
[exhales]
What is all this?
I bought a nice fish tank.
It was on sale. 30% off.
Come on. say hi to your sister.
No. all of this. Did you clean up?
Oh. yeah. It was a bit disorganized.
-So… yes.
-Right.
Disorganized?
-This is my mess. okay?
-[Miguel] Absolutely.
Where's the physiology book
that was in that corner?
-The red one? I put it right here.
-[Carla] No. no. not there.
-Please don't move my things.
-[Miguel] Okay.
-I mean it.
-[Miguel] Yes. yes. I get it.
I just thought… Where are you going?
I'm going to get something to eat.
Do you mind? I'm starving.
No need for that. Your loving daddy
has just prepared your favorite.
Noodles with red sauce
and cut-up hot dogs.
A wiener Bolognese.
Wash your hands. come on.
Prime time is always the primary goal…
I'm boring you.
-Oh. no.
-[Miguel laughs]
That was quite a yawn.
[Carla laughs]
-No. I'm exhausted.
-Right.
I've been up since six this morning.
Makes sense. right. For sure.
What was I going to say?
-About prime time being…
-No.
Ah. the lawyer.
Um. we'll go tomorrow
so we can meet him as soon as possible.
So we can get this
whole inheritance thing out of the way.
-Sure. fine.
-[Carla] Great.
What are you going to do with the house?
Sell it.
Ah. Where you gonna go then?
I don't know.
-Huh.
-[Carla] Mm…
There's a lot of history in this house.
It belonged to your grandpa Domingo.
Do you remember him?
He loved you so much. Ooh.
His little Carla could do no wrong.
He loved you so much.
And this is the only thing…
your grandpa left to your mother.
The only thing.
[laughs]
What?
Are you trying to make me
feel bad about the family house?
No. of course not?
It felt like it.
Oh. that's not it. But I'm not gonna lie.
I thought you'd stay in the house.
-Yeah. and have a family.
-Ah. No.
-I'm not interested in having a family.
-No?
[Carla] No.
-[Miguel] Leave it. I'll wash up.
-No. I will do it.
[dishes clatter]
How are things with Mauro?
You still seeing each other?
Marcelo?
Marcelo.
It must be Marcelo.
I don't know any Mauros.
-Why did I say Mauro?
-[Carla] I don't know.
Where's that from.
I don't know any Mauros.
Are you still with him?
No.
Oh…
And why not?
I got bored.
That's too bad. I liked Marcelo.
You liked Marcelo? Give me a break.
You don't know him. You met the guy once.
You spent the whole meal… remember?
All you did was talk about yourself.
your success as a meteorologist.
You don't know him.
Well…
[chuckles]
Are you seeing anyone?
[sighs] No.
Mm. Good.
You decided to focus on your career.
Yes. Just like you.
It's all good. But it's just a phase.
-It's a phase?
-Yeah. just a phase.
You'll see.
And you'll feel the need to have a child.
[Carla] No!
I don't want kids. Dad.
I'm not interested.
You say that now. Wait five years.
In five years. I'll feel the same.
I'm not interested
in having children. Dad.
You're a pediatrician.
So?
-You care for sick kids.
-[Carla] Other people's kids.
Kids that already exist.
Who are in the world
through no fault of my own.
They're not mine
but they still need a doctor.
You wanna wash up?
I'm exhausted. I need to lie down.
Hey. Dad.
Don't you think this is…
this is so strange? Almost bizarre?
-What?
-This. You and me.
I feel like when I talk to you.
I don't even know you.
It's like talking to an acquaintance
I see once in a blue moon.
But talking to my dad.
doesn't feel like it.
[sighs]
I just don't feel it.
[sniffles]
[sighs]
Thanks for dinner. anyway.
[emotional music playing]
Hello? [clears throat]
Are you in charge of this building?
No. I was walking by
and I saw a whole lot
of dog poop on the sidewalk
and I decided to it clean up.
Isn't this where Miguel Flores lives?
-Are you an old friend?
-Yes.
What'd he break? Huh? Huh?
-My car.
-Ooh.
Is he here?
Or did he leave?
Uh. on TV they say he went to Córdoba.
Is it true?
Yes.
His daughter lives there.
Carla is her name.
Do you know where she lives?
How would I know?
She's a pediatrician.
She works at the hospital.
I don't know which one.
heard him say that two years ago.
I have no idea if the info is still good.
Carla?
Yes. Carla.
Come on. can't you see I'm busy?
I gotta finish cleaning this up
and you're holding me up.
Don't just stand there. Move it.
Go on. go on. move it.
[exhales]
[Carla] Good morning.
[mother] Good morning. doctor.
How's our champion today?
Good. he slept well.
-He's in a bit of pain
-Yeah?
-From the surgery.
-Yes.
It's still very recent.
Here. sit up a bit.
Tomorrow we'll get the lab results.
and we'll know how he's doing.
The important thing now
is that you're comfortable. All right?
You really have no idea of the results?
No. sorry. we'll know tomorrow.
[woman on TV] What's clear is that
he's not happy with the production
and it seems he's leaving.
Of course. we'll see.
-Miguel Flores?
-Yes. he's here in Córdoba.
-Mom. Miguel.
-[woman] Back to his roots.
Either that or he's hiding?
But why?
Everyone who's seen Miguel in Córdoba
all say he's in perfect health.
This whole "sick leave" thing
sounds more like an excuse.
-Did they fire Miguel?
-Looks like it. doesn't it?
-He's a fan of Miguel Flores.
-Oh yeah?
He wants to be a meteorologist.
[scoffs]
[whirring]
[cell phone ringing]
-Maxi.
-How are you doing?
Having the time of my life.
Why you calling?
The pharmacy called
and they have some drops for you.
I'll pick them up
and send them to Córdoba.
Move a little. You're getting fat.
You don't have a waistline anymore.
-What?
-No. I'm talking to Osvaldo.
Anything else?
What should I do with
your things from your dressing room?
My dressing room? What do you mean?
What should I do?
Take them to your house or…?
-Are you at the studio?
-[Maxi] Yes.
They asked you
to clear out my dressing room?
Are you serious?
Mmm… It was a suggestion.
[Miguel] Motherfuckers.
I spent years in that room.
-My second home. unbelievable.
-[call waiting beeps]
I'll…
Sorry. Maxi. I have to go.
my daughter's calling.
No. no. wait. Give me your address
so I can mail you this stuff.
All right. I'll text it to you.
-[beeps]
-Carla.
Listen. could you come to the hospital?
What for?
I have a patient who's a big fan of yours
and he'd like to meet you.
Yeah. sure. Of course.
Let me finish a few things
and I'll come over.
Thanks. See you soon.
Yeah. see you soon.
-He wants to say hi. take a picture…
-How old is he?
-He's eight.
-Eight.
-[woman] Hi.
-Hi. how are you doing?
Couldn't you have tried
to be a little bit less obvious?
A hat. sunglasses. something.
-Okay. okay. What's wrong with the kid?
-Don't need to know that.
-[doctor] Hey there. Miguel!
-How you doing?
Don't ask about that.
Say hi. take a picture. that's it.
-But I'd like to know what he has…
-It doesn't matter.
-I want you to keep your big mouth shut.
-Yeah.
And don't do that
over-optimistic thing of yours.
Hey. hey. hey. hey.
[sighs] Okay.
[exhales]
-Wait. what's his name?
-Rodrigo. Come on.
[Miguel] Hey. Rodrigo!
Mom. it's Miguel!
-[mother] It can't believe it.
-Hello. Nice to meet you.
How you doing. Rodrigo?
My daughter told me
you watch the weather every night
and you want to be a weatherman.
Daughter? He's your father.
Huh?
You weren't on last night.
Did they fire you?
No. I'm taking a vacation. that's all.
And came to visit his daughter.
-Of course.
-Can I take a photo of you with Rodrigo?
Of course. that's why I'm here.
A little birdie told me someone here
knows a lot about meteorology.
Rodrigo. what do you think
the weather's going to be like tomorrow?
-Temperature between 60 and 64 degrees.
-Really good.
75% humidity
with a risk of scattered showers.
Perfect!
You got the job. You start tomorrow.
Okay. ready?
-Big smile.
-[clicks]
[exhales]
-Let's go.
-Okay.
It's gonna be fine.
-What will?
-[Miguel] The boy. You'll see.
Please don't make predictions.
We don't know.
Nobody knows.
Know why I can't stand it
when people say it's gonna be fine
when they don't have a clue?
It's wishful thinking.
Something people say.
It's something people say
that's stupid and irresponsible.
When things turn out badly. well…
someone has to pick up the pieces.
Well…
-[Carla] Just trying to help.
-You're not helping.
I don't know what you think helping means
but it doesn't mean that.
Not at all.
[whimsical music playing]
I'm gonna stay a bit longer. Carla.
-What?
-Yes. I've decided.
-But your job in Buenos Aires?
-Whatever.
I know you're persona non grata there now
but it will pass.
Yes. but Córdoba
also needs weather forecasters.
And we have
weather forecasters in Córdoba.
-No one as good as me. None as good.
-[laughs]
Dad. you managed to antagonize
the entire capital city.
-Don't spread the hate across the country.
-Carla!
-I know!
-[cell phone chimes]
Sorry. I know that was mean.
-Too mean for my taste.
-Sorry.
-Ooh.
-Didn't deserve that.
-What is it?
-[inhales sharply] Listen. I. uh…
I need you to. um.
I need you to leave for a while.
What do you mean. "a while"? How long?
I need you to not be home
between seven and eleven.
-Oh. hey!
-[Carla] Sorry. I forgot.
I forgot I have friends coming over.
Four hours on the street. where can I go?
I don't know. Anywhere. Go for a drive.
-Get some dinner. It's a beautiful city.
-I know it's beautiful.
I can't be seen out in the street.
Now with what's going on.
-Everyone looking at me…
-I don't know. Dad. I don't.
I made plans before you showed up. Okay?
-Yeah. Okay.
-I need my space. Dad.
Come on. Carla. I need my space too.
All right. let's talk about this.
Carla.
Carla!
Carla! Carla!
I can't get out. I'm locked in!
[lock chirps]
What? You didn't see?
You completely…
It's unbelievable really.
You didn't notice I was stuck in the car.
For crying out loud. Now what do I do?
[cuarteto music playing]
Sorry. I didn't mean to stare.
People just don't get it.
I'm just saying…
it's unfair. what they're doing to you.
Another one. please.
No one could've predicted it.
The storm definitely. but not the hail.
I didn't see it coming.
[man chuckles]
Did I say something funny?
No. no.
That's Bernardo.
And who's Bernardo?
Bernardo.
this here is Miguel Flores.
The most famous weatherman
in the country.
[clicks tongue]
Oh. well.
Bernardo knows a lot about weather too.
He doesn't talk much.
but when he does. he's always right.
Are you a meteorologist as well?
-How much I owe?
-[bartender] No.
Give me the forecast
for tomorrow and we'll call it even.
I don't have it.
I'm on vacation.
No. put that away.
It's an honor to have you here.
Tomorrow morning. rain at 7:14.
What?
At 7:14 tomorrow morning. it will rain.
On the dot?
At 7:14.
[Miguel chuckles]
Well. thanks for the whiskey.
[mysterious music playing]
[man laughs]
-The spinach pie was great. huh?
-[woman] Yeah. it was good.
-Hello.
-[Miguel] Hi.
-[woman] Some dude's here. Your dad?
-[Carla] No.
But. Dad. you're back early.
No I'm not. you said 11:00.
it's almost midnight.
-Already?
-Yes. already.
Hey. Miguel.
Hi. Mauro. How are you?
Good. But it's Marcelo.
Sorry. the second time
I've called you Mauro.
No worries.
-Doing well?
-Yes. Everything's good.
[Miguel] All right.
Sorry about all this.
Had we known you were coming
we would put clothes on. [laughs]
[chuckles] No. no. please. it's fine.
I think I'm going to get going.
I have a couple surgeries tomorrow.
need to be well rested.
You need your rest. of course.
Miguel. I just wanted to tell you.
your little fish is super fun.
Well. thanks. but he's still fish. right?
[laughs] Yes. he's still a fish.
I gotta say. he eats like crazy.
He loved that spinach pie.
What? Osvaldo can't eat that.
-I didn't say he ate it! He loved it.
-[Miguel] What… I…
There's another guy in the bathroom.
-How many are there?
-Go to your room.
-They're leaving.
-Ooh. But…
I saw this guy come out…
Uh. passing through.
[emotional string music playing]
[knock on door]
[Carla] They're gone. Dad.
In case you need to use the bathroom
or the kitchen.
Didn't you say
you'd broken up with Marcelo?
-Yes.
-So why was he walking around naked?
He wasn't naked. and we're friends.
Ah. friends. And the other two.
they are also friends?
[Carla] Yes. they are.
We're all friends
and sometimes we like to…
get together.
-Okay?
-I see.
Well. you don't owe me
an explanation anyway.
[Carla scoffs] Apparently I do.
I just think it's strange that you
like to "get together"
with your friends sometimes.
Okay.
So. tell me. Dad.
what you thought I like to do?
I don't know…
Because you know nothing about me.
-That's not true.
-[Carla] It is.
You know nothing about me
and I know nothing about you.
Right?
For instance. who are you seeing?
What kind of question is that?
It's a fair question. I don't know
who you've dated since mom died.
No one important.
Mm-hmm.
So. friends.
Friends with benefits.
You could say that.
Well. I have friends
with benefits too. Okay?
[sighs]
Look.
if you're planning on staying
in Córdoba for a while.
I think it's best
if you found your own place.
Hmm.
All right.
[Carla] I mean it.
Hmm.
[sighs]
I did what I could. Carla.
You lost your mother. I lost my wife.
We did what we could.
I know we've been apart for a long time…
"But. but. but…"
Working in Buenos Aires. right?
Your job was there.
"It's not that I don't want to see you.
blah. blah. blah."
"I have so much work.
I don't have time. blah. blah. blah…"
Huh?
"Life is so very hard here."
You don't need to justify anything.
I mean it.
I'm not complaining.
Of course not. No.
The things you say
and your distance say otherwise.
[Carla] Distance?
The distance has existed for a long time.
and I didn't put it there.
It's the only way I could do it.
[scoffs]
Putting distance?
No. survive.
Survive the death of your mother.
I never stopped thinking about
that sucking lightning strike
and the total randomness of her death.
There had to be some kind of reason.
It's baffling.
How could anyone die just like that?
-So it's Mom's fault now?
-[Miguel] No.
It's my fault.
Since that storm.
I couldn't stop asking myself why.
Why didn't I see it?
Why didn't I see it coming?
And then I started to bury myself
in numbers. maps. data.
precision forecasts. and slowly I became…
obsessed.
Yes. That obsession led to your success.
and your success…
took you away to Buenos Aires.
Until this other mistake.
And that's when you remembered
you have a daughter in Córdoba.
No. don't say that. Not true.
And you weren't
a little girl anymore either.
And you weren't alone.
You were with your grandmother.
I asked you many times to come but you
wanted to stay with your grandmother.
You were always very
self-sufficient. Carla. Your whole life.
You never wanted my opinion.
Ever. And you still don't. do you?
That's fine.
Time flew by.
and I didn't notice
the distance between widening.
Or I chose not to notice. I don't know.
Hmm.
And is that an apology?
[Miguel] Perhaps. I don't know.
-Do you think I did it on purpose?
-I don't know.
You're my daughter.
the most important thing
that has happened in my life.
Maybe I'm not
the father you dreamed of. but still…
it's how it is.
Dad. I really needed you.
So many times I needed you.
And then one day I realized… no.
No. I don't need you anymore.
[chuckles]
Now I'm the one who needs you.
Hmm?
Okay.
Sure. all right. um…
How about this?
I don't know. let's just start by…
by being the father and daughter
that we can be.
You're right. sounds good.
-Whatever you say.
-[Carla] Dad?
-Let's not force it.
-[Miguel] Sure.
Okay?
Please.
No. for sure. We'll do what we can.
Yeah?
Goodnight. Dad.
All right. Goodnight.
Sleep tight. honey.
Night. Dad.
What's up. Osvaldito?
This is a tough one. you know?
Yeah.
You're exactly like your sister.
It's so hard for her. It's so hard.
Oh. well.
Get some rest. It'll do you good.
See you tomorrow.
[Carla] Good morning.
Morning.
I made coffee and French toast.
Oh. No. thanks. I'm running late.
Okay.
What's this?
Some homeopathic drops
my assistant sent me.
Homeo… [laughs]
Your daughter is a medical doctor.
and you're taking sugar water?
For my anxiety.
But I also take regular pills
for my triglycerides.
-Levels were high.
-Mmm.
-And they brought them down.
-[Carla] Listen. Dad. Um…
Hmm?
Tonight I'm going to eat at the hospital.
Once a week I eat
with the kids and their parents.
No problem. I'll be right here.
No. no.
Would you like to come?
Yes. of course.
Obviously. I'd love to.
Did you have other plans…
No plans? Nothing.
That's great. Great.
Just tell me what time
and I'll be there. For sure. Yeah.
You know what? I'll have some coffee.
-Of course.
-[Carla laughs] Yeah.
Start your morning…
Yeah. If I'm a little late. it's fine.
You get there when you get there.
What can they say?
Nothing.
[thunder rumbling]
[mysterious music playing]
That looney bastard was right.
[thunder rumbles]
[knocking]
Excuse me? Hi. Can I ask you something?
Flores. it's you!
Hi.
When I tell my wife I saw you.
she won't believe me.
-She adores you.
-Not now. please.
Excuse me!
We're closed. We don't open until noon.
Quick question.
There was a man sitting there last night.
wearing a poncho.
-I need…
-Look.
-Quick selfie.
-Wait one second. I'm busy here.
-Hey. too big for us now?
-[Miguel] Not at all.
The big city guys drove
you out of town. Flores!
Oh God.
Thanks for opening.
Be quick. I have to finish.
There's a lot to do.
There was a man sitting at that table.
He had a poncho. he drank some grappa.
he looked a bit like a farmer.
You mean Bernardo?
That sounds right.
Do you know where he lives?
Yes. he lives up there.
deep into the mountains.
Could you be a little more specific?
Which area?
Oof. It's not easy getting there.
Don't worry.
just tell me where to find him.
[whimsical music playing]
[birds calling]
Wait for me. I'll be a few minutes
then we can go back. Hmm?
[clapping]
Oh. excuse me. Hello.
I clapped because I didn't see a bell.
There's no bell.
Ah.
There's no electricity up here.
But you can always knock on the door.
[knocks]
-Easy.
-Yes. you're right.
What are you looking for?
A simple answer. that's it.
How did you know it would rain
at exactly 7:14 this morning?
Should I wait out here?
Right.
Are you coming back or should I go?
-[Bernardo] Come on in. damn it.
-Ah.
Yes. sir.
May I come in?
[Bernardo] Come in.
Nice place you got here.
-Here?
-[Bernardo] Yes. right here.
[Miguel] If I may. I'll sit down.
[exhales]
Thank you very much.
My mother ate
boiled corn every single day.
She would look at the kernels
and know if it would rain or not.
Oh.
That's really amazing.
And you inherited your mother's talent?
You can interpret the kernels?
No. I never liked corn.
So how do you know
when it's going to rain?
I'd like you to teach me.
I will pay you. of course.
I can get you electricity
and a satellite to watch TV.
I don't need anything.
Yes. but…
Surely you need some light.
What do you do at night?
Do you use a lantern? Candles?
No. nothing.
You can't live in darkness.
At night I sleep
and then there's the sun.
Right.
No. I…
I was just thinking.
toying with a few ideas.
I thought…
perhaps we could get together.
join our talents.
Let me run this by you.
I was thinking we could put together
a program for a local TV channel.
You'd provide
the forecast. I'd be the presenter.
You must be from Buenos Aires.
always wanting more.
I'm not. I was born in Río Cuarto.
My father a money lender.
my mom was a seamstress.
I had to work my ass off
to get to where I am today.
And where are you?
Why do you do this?
Do you really care about the weather?
Or do you like fame?
[Miguel] Oh. no. It's much more
complicated than that.
When I was a little boy.
my father had ten days of vacation.
And every summer
he brought us to Mar de las Pampas
when it was practically uninhabited.
And there were many summers
where we'd get rained on
for ten whole days.
And I saw how it upset my dad
to the point of depression.
and it ruined our entire vacation.
So. as a boy. I always dreamed
of controlling the weather.
Just to see a little happiness
on my father's face.
Nobody can control the weather.
Nobody.
[slurps]
Yes. I know that.
But forecasting
is the closest we can get. no?
Should I wait for you?
Are you coming back. Bernardo?
[Bernardo] Come on. damn it.
You're never there when I need you.
No more. I bought everything.
The only thing I need from you
is to stop by a gift shop
and pick up candles
shaped like "90" for my father's birthday.
-Can I say something?
-[Marisa] Fine. talk.
I have to do something. Marisa.
How mysterious. Like what?
Something. I can't tell you.
I just have something I need to do.
Ah. Okay. Ugh!
-When will you be back?
-Not today or tomorrow.
Maybe the day after.
What?
You're not coming back?
What do you mean you're not coming back?
You're with a whore. aren't you?
I know it!
What whore. Marisa?
Why? Why do you do that?
How could I pay a whore? No. Listen…
Sorry. Let's calm down.
I'll be back in a few days…
-In a few days…
-[Luis] I'll explain everything later.
Why did I bother
going to yoga today? Ugh!
Marisa. don't!
[clatters]
You wanted to see him. you asshole.
[grunts]
[tense music playing]
[suspenseful music playing]
Argentina.
Where we're standing now is Argentina.
No. man.
the bare patch here is Argentina.
Over here you've got Chile.
Over here is Paraguay.
And here is Uruguay.
Uh-huh.
It's like a South American map?
Yes. a map.
That stone is Pampa.
the anthill is Salta.
that rock is Neuquén.
Back there is Santa Cruz.
Ah.
Do you want to go to Buenos Aires?
Yeah. if we can.
Come on.
Buenos Aires.
[chuckles]
What's that?
That's Professor Neurus.
Look at his hair.
What color is Professor Neurus' hair?
Violet?
No.
Grey.
They made a mistake when they made it?
No.
I used to look at it
and just see another figurine.
One day. the figurines
started changing colors.
Yeah. I suppose
that's because the pigments separate.
No.
They talk to me.
You know how they do that?
They change the color of their hair.
And what do they say to you?
There's a major storm coming
with hailstones
the size of a soccer balls.
No. not here. Where are we standing?
In Buenos Aires.
Yes. in Buenos Aires.
Oh…
It'll be one hell of a storm.
But… But today?
[Bernardo] Mm-hmm.
This evening.
At 11:07.
Bernardo. are you sure?
Why are you here if you doubt me?
I'm sorry.
You have to go warn the people.
But…
Nobody will believe me in Buenos Aires.
Do you know how few followers I have left?
If you really care about the weather
and not fame. like you claim.
go to Buenos Aires
and do what you must.
Do it.
Do it for the people.
not for yourself.
For the people.
Huh.
Don't tell anyone I gave you the info.
I don't want money. I don't want fame.
I don't want anything.
Go and warn them.
[suspenseful music playing]
CÓRDOBA CITY HOSPITAL
Bye.
[Carla] Dad.
[Miguel] I'm in here.
[Carla] What are you doing?
I have to go to the capital now.
Take care of Osvaldo.
What happened?
A storm is coming. it's gigantic.
in Buenos Aires. I have to warn them.
-Warn who?
-What do you mean? Everybody.
[Carla] Just call them.
I tried three times. Nobody picks up.
If you show up. they'll listen to you?
It's more likely if I am there.
-Are you drunk?
-What?
No. I had some grappa.
-When's the storm?
-Tonight. 11:07.
11:07?
-[Carla] On the dot.
-On the dot.
-11:07 exactly.
-[Carla] How do you know?
A hermit told me.
He lives up in the mountains.
literally in the middle of nowhere.
The guy is incredible.
He reads tiny little figurines.
-How much have you had to drink. Dad?
-[Miguel] Nothing. Carla. please.
-[sighs] Let me check.
-[Miguel] What?
Let's see.
-Look.
-What?
-Tonight. zero chance of showers.
-[Miguel laughs]
Those things are never accurate!
What if you're wrong again?
Not this time. Last night he told me.
"Tomorrow at 7:14 a.m.
it's going to rain."
I thought. "Yeah. right."
I was right here.
and at 7:14 on the dot. it rained.
I said. "Oh. my God."
-[Carla] The hermit said it?
-Yes. exactly.
So you're leaving.
You're not coming to the hospital dinner.
I have no choice. I'm sorry.
Rodrigo's lab results came back good.
Great! I knew it.
I told you. Thank God.
I'm glad he's okay.
Okay.
Wait a minute.
-Dad. calm down.
-What?
Stop for a minute.
Yes. what is it?
What are you doing?
Why are you going there. seriously?
I said…
No. Are you trying to rehab your image?
Do you realize that these people
who watch you every day
don't care about you?
You can't care about someone
you don't know.
They've shown you that.
But maybe this time I'm not going
in search of affection.
Isn't there another possibility. Carla?
[sighs]
I'm going.
I have to go.
I'll call you when I land.
Bye. Osvaldito. Be back in a few days.
Now he's upset. He's mad.
Hi.
The infallible.
Oh.
Poor guy. Is this a neighbor of yours?
-No.
-[Miguel] Hey. relax. man.
I watched you every night.
Come on now.
-You understand me. right?
-Sure.
-What are you doing?
-[Carla] Uh…
Hey. stop.
I have to kill you.
-What is this?
-Who are you?
-You idiot! Idiot!
-[Miguel] Stop. please!
Put that down. whoever you are.
-Luis Contreras.
-[Miguel] Okay. calm down.
You don't even know my name.
I've watched you every night
since day one.
I'd rush home to see you on the news.
-Calm down.
-Get out.
Not until I get what I'm owed.
I don't owe you anything.
What are you saying?
-Come here.
-Stop. man.
-What's wrong with you?
-I want you to see this.
-[Miguel] What?
-Look!
Yes. your car is badly dented.
I can see that.
No. it's way more than that.
This is all your fault.
It was your damn hail.
That wasn't my hail.
I have nothing to do with what happened.
You guaranteed it.
-Oh. my God. that phrase.
-You guaranteed it. and I trusted you.
In 20 years. you were never wrong.
Why were you wrong now?
Did you want to
mess up my car? Is that it?
Do you hear how ridiculous you sound?
Please. Luis. I was wrong.
and I'm paying for it. Look where I am.
-I'm hiding so they don't lynch me.
-Dad!
Okay. sorry.
Look where I am.
Look where I am!
I drove 500 miles to kick your ass!
-Calm down.
-I can't go home.
I can't go back to work
without being called an idiot.
"Listen to Miguel."
I spent years telling them.
Do you know how much they made fun of me?
"Stop talking about fucking Flores."
And I defended you…
like a brother.
I believed in you.
I had blind faith.
Your word was gold to me.
Well. you were wrong.
No. he believed me.
I understand. I was wrong.
I also blindly trust myself. Luis.
But I have nothing to do
with what happened.
[sobbing]
[Carla] Calm down. Enough.
-Put the extinguisher down.
-Listen to me.
Listen. I'll put this down.
Just one second.
Tonight there's going to be
one of the worst storms
in the history of Buenos Aires.
Horrible.
You still have time. Go home.
Warn your friends and family
so you can save them.
Do you want me to look like an idiot?
To get kicked out of my house?
That won't happen. They'll respect you.
Trust what I'm saying. I'm not wrong.
11:07.
It's going to be a disaster.
Go. I'm going home. too.
to fix the damage I caused.
-When?
-Now. Look at my suitcase.
I was headed to the airport.
my flight leaves at 5:00 p.m.
Go. you have time. 11:07. Go.
11:07. When you say
"one of the worst storms." you mean…?
More hail?
Much worse.
Hail the size of soccer balls.
Listen to me. Go.
Here. let's do this.
Let me get my wallet.
I'm giving you my personal card. Eh?
Here's my cell number.
You can call me.
If I'm wrong. we'll meet up.
and you can crack my head open
with that extinguisher.
I'll allow it. seriously.
Take the card.
Now. go home.
Eh?
There you go.
Go on.
Ay.
Go. kid.
-Everything will be okay.
-I loved you so very much.
Ah.
I loved you like crazy.
Go.
I won't fail you. You'll see.
Calm down. Go.
Go. hurry.
11:07. okay. Luisito.
Should I leave this open?
Yes. please. Thank you. Bye. Luis.
No.
No! No!
No. this guy is crazy.
He came here from Buenos Aires.
Poor guy. I failed him.
-I'm going. Carla.
-Okay.
-I'll take you.
[whimsical music playing]
Take care of Osvaldo for me
until I get back.
Sorry for missing the dinner tonight.
It's okay. Another time.
-Bye.
[emotional music playing]
[sighs]
-Bye.
[music continues]
[sighs]
[pilot] Welcome to Buenos Aires.
Please stay seated with your seat belts on
until the light is off.
Thank you. Maxi. for bringing me here.
Go home. close your windows.
warn your family.
Are you insane?
You think I'm leaving you now?
I was with you
when you were number one on TV
and I'm with you
when you're canceled. Miguel.
You're very important to me.
Calm down. Fine. I understand.
Come with me. Let's go.
Domingo.
-Miguel. what are you doing here?
-I'm here to see Gustavo.
The…
Open up. Domingo.
Don't be a jerk. It's Miguel.
[buzzes]
Come on!
This moron thinks he owns the network.
[tense music playing]
-Melisa. the lipstick isn't here.
-We'll get them.
Go get them.
Get them. please.
Carmencita this. Carmencita that.
Okay.
[man] I told you seven times.
this isn't my job.
They're looking for wardrobe materials
and they're in the hallway.
I'm bringing them now.
Incompetent people.
Nobody does their job here.
Oh!
Relax. Relax.
Miguel. breathe. Relax.
-Follow me. Come on.
-Yes.
[band playing theme song]
♪ Whether it's cold or hot ♪
♪ You always have the best ♪
♪ She's not alone. she's with Simón ♪
[announcer] From Buenos Aires.
Argentina's capital.
the show you've been waiting for.
Humor. fun. joy. and a bit of weather.
With you tonight.
our star host.
Yes!
Mery. Mery. Mery. Mery Oliva!
THE GREAT WEATHER SHOW
HOST: MERY OLIVA
♪ Mery's here with Simón ♪
♪ She's beautiful. she's a star ♪
♪ Give Simón a kiss. it's a party ♪
♪ If it rains. no need to worry ♪
♪ We can weather the storm ♪
♪ Mery's here ♪
♪ And she's with Simón ♪
[crowd applauds]
[woman] Amazing!
[man] Goddess!
[music stops]
[woman] Superstar!
Good evening!
Welcome to The Great Weather Show.
Hello. my band. Thank you.
Thank you for tuning in.
rain or shine.
We sing regardless.
It's always the guys. isn't it?
Always the same thing.
-Right?
-Shh. Quiet.
Do you want to know the weather?
[crowd] Yes!
[Mery] We have great news. Simón.
Because tonight and tomorrow morning
we'll have clear skies.
With a high of 83!
[crowd] Yay!
[Mery] With just some mild winds…
Lies!
-[chuckles nervously] Miguel…
-Please…
Can someone tell me what he's doing here?
Buenos Aires and surrounding areas.
Today. at 11:07 sharp
we're getting the biggest hail storm
you've ever seen.
One of the wildest.
most unpredictable storms.
When meteorological radars detect it.
it will be too late.
And phone apps
won't even know. Don't listen to them.
-Cut to commercial.
-Sixteen points and counting.
What do I do?
Touch that button.
and I'll cut your fingers off.
I know I was wrong last time. I know.
But give me another chance.
It's the only thing I can ask…
I need backup in Studio 1. Do you copy?
Believe me.
-Domingo. please.
-[Miguel] Believe me. please.
Don't be an ass. It's Miguel.
If you're at home watching.
don't move.
Warn your family.
-Insert some suspense music.
-[Miguel] Post it.
-Facebook. Instagram. Twitter.
-Come on. wake up!
-[suspense music playing]
-Use #Hail.
Please. if I'm wrong. nothing happens.
No storm. nothing.
You'll just have to stay inside for a bit.
but I swear I'm not wrong.
It will be a historic storm.
-Twenty-one points.
-Ha! Come on! Look ahead.
11:07. we don't have much time. Please.
Please. for the love of God. believe me.
Not a cloud in the sky.
It's almost 11:00.
-11:07.
-Wow. So precise. 11:07.
Look. two things can happen here.
Either the world ends at 11:07
and you're back on Monday
after I parade you around the city.
or you're wrong again.
and you go live in Stockholm.
Gustavo. Mery's asking if she should wait.
I'm coming.
[man] What's your wish. Grandpa?
I want to die.
Dad. don't talk like that.
-I can't with this thing.
-I'll just get a match.
-Such trouble.
-There. Virginia. Like that.
Blow the candles out. Dad.
He can't understand.
There we go. Nice.
♪ Happy Birthday to you ♪
Horacio.
♪ Happy Birthday to you ♪
♪ Happy Birthday. dear Dad… ♪
No.
-Enjoy it. Dad. It's for you.
-Want a selfie?
-[continues singing]
-Selfie. There.
-Smile.
-Hey! Hey! Hey!
We all need to go inside.
Are you kidding me. Luis?
You vanish for two days.
you don't help at all.
now you're ruining my dad's birthday.
Marisa. we'll talk after.
A huge storm is coming at 11:07.
We're gonna be in deep shit.
-[laughs]
-Let's go!
-We're in deep shit!
-[laughing]
Who says? That Miguel clown?
Yes. that Miguel clown. Horacio.
Move your asses!
Let's go!
We'll blow these out inside.
Miguel says so. Come on.
[indistinct chatter]
[suspenseful music playing]
[wind blowing]
[thunder rumbling faintly]
[thunder rumbling]
[women yelps]
No!
[people yelling]
[shouting]
[woman screams]
[music swells]
[yelping]
[lightning cracks]
[metal banging]
[man] Get out!
[hail clanging]
Get away from the windows.
Move back. come on.
Finally an answer to my prayers!
It's the big one!
Huge!
[yelling happily]
What are you doing? Get inside?
Inside. Take the kid.
-Go inside now.
-Where are you going?
We forgot my dad.
-[Luis] Marisa. I'll go.
-Kill me!
I'll go.
-Let's go.
-Leave me.
-Leave me!
-No way! Let's go!
Don't take me! No!
Please kill me! I'm here!
Please hit me!
That one was for me.
Stop. Ah! Ah!
Dumbass!
Son of a bitch. you won't let me die.
-Dad.
-Take him out.
-Yes.
Pick him up.
Let's go. Up.
[suspenseful music playing]
Idiots!
Open!
No. don't open the door.
-Open!
-Don't!
[man] Open the door!
Are you serious? Open!
Open the door for him.
Come on.
-I can't leave the cart.
-Just leave it!
-Okay.
-Thank you.
Help me. give me a hand.
[shattering]
[screaming]
[man 2] Careful!
-Look out!
-Be careful!
-[woman] No!
-[man 3] Watch out!
Look out!
[loud bang]
[clattering]
[Luis] I got insurance against everything.
Including hail.
earthquakes. and tsunamis.
[man screams]
Ah!
[hail smashing]
[exploding]
-[metal clanging]
-[glass shattering]
THE GREAT WEATHER SHOW
AT 9:45 ON TL10
[shattering]
[alarm blaring]
[Gustavo sighs]
A real genius.
SUBWAY
BUENOS AIRES
We're witnessing a serious storm…
Oh!
[screams]
[tires screech]
[ice cracking]
-[water dripping]
-[alarms blaring]
[ice clatters]
[dramatic music playing]
[music swells]
[Antonio] Provincial reaction was key.
the country responded with a rare urgency.
There's serious damage.
rebuilding will take a long time.
but let's focus on…
This one or this one. Miguel?
-That one.
-Great.
[cell phone chimes]
DON'T LET IT GET TO YOUR HEAD
[vocalizing]
["Felicità" by playing Al Bano]
Mm…
SEE YOU THIS WEEKEND. LOVE YOU.
How are you?
Good.
Can I sit?
Yes. Of course.
Yes.
[exhales]
Um…
Oh. the ball.
Yeah.
[applause]
["Felicità" continues]
Miguel.
how does it feel to save
thousands of lives?
Anyone in my place would've done the same.
Miguel. how did you know
the hail was coming with such precision?
[chuckles]
Someone else should be here with me.
This plaque is missing a name.
I wasn't the one who knew it was coming
at 11:07.
-[crowd mumbling]
-What?
What does he mean?
Who was it then?
[vehicle approaching]
That big city piece of shit.
[cumbia music playing]
[music stops]
[thunder rumbling]
[music resumes]
IN MEMORY OF PAOLA SUAREZ
1980-2021
[music stops]
[thunder rumbling]
[music resumes]
[music stops]
[thunder rumbling]
[music resumes]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm